# Network-Guided Covariate Selection

## Overview
This repository presents an extension of the study "Optimal Network-Guided Covariate Selection for High-Dimensional Data Integration", providing code for both simulation studies and real-world network analysis.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
To prepare for the experiments, ensure all required packages listed in "requirements.txt" are installed.

### Run experiments (below are some examples)
```
Rscript ./Simultion/Exp1_formal.R
Rscript ./Supplementary/RDPG-1.R
```
## Reproducing our Figures

To reproduce the figures presented in the paper, follow these steps:

1. Run the Experiments: Execute the scripts in "Simulation", "Real network analysis" and "Supplementary" directories.
2. Save Results: Store the output as specified in the script instructions.
3. Generate Visualizations: Execute the corresponding visualization scripts to create the figures.

We have provided data files and code in the folder "Visualization" to facilitate replication of the study results. In particular, Figures 1 and 2 in the main text can be generated by running "Figure_1.R" and "Figure_2.R", respectively. Likewise, the figures in the supplementary material can be reproduced by running "Supp_Figure1.R" through "Supp_Figure5.R". In addition, Table 4 in the main text can be reproduced using the results from "./Simulation/Exp4_formal.R" and "./Simulation/Exp5_formal.R". Table 5, as well as Table 1 in the supplementary material, can be reproduced by running "./Real network analysis/Real-REG.R".





